Remove Overview and update links (#2068)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/Errors and Warnings/W1010.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Occurs when trying to select all the items in a grouped [List](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/List/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20List/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20List.md) with the [selectAllMode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxList/1%20Configuration/selectAllMode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectAllMode') set to *"allPages"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occurs when trying to select all the items in a grouped [List](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Getting_Started_with_List) with the [selectAllMode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxList/1%20Configuration/selectAllMode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#selectAllMode') set to *"allPages"*.
```
